.TH "GPSMobile::Gps" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GPSMobile::Gps \- 
.PP
Summary description for GPS.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOpen\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIOpens the GPS device and prepares to receive data from it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBClose\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICloses the gps device. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGpsPosition\fP \fBGetPosition\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the position reported by the GPS receiver. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGpsPosition\fP \fBGetPosition\fP (TimeSpan maxAge)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the position reported by the GPS receiver that is no older than the maxAge passed in. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGpsDeviceState\fP \fBGetDeviceState\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIQueries the device state. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LocationChangedEventHandler \fBLocationChanged\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent that is raised when the GPS locaction data changes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DeviceStateChangedEventHandler \fBDeviceStateChanged\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent that is raised when the GPS device state changes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBOpened\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue: The GPS device has been opened. False: It has not been opened. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Summary description for GPS. 


.PP
Definition at line 27 of file GPS.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void GPSMobile.Gps.Close ()"
.PP
Closes the gps device. 
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file GPS.cs.
.SS "\fBGpsDeviceState\fP GPSMobile.Gps.GetDeviceState ()"
.PP
Queries the device state. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Device state information
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 234 of file GPS.cs.
.SS "\fBGpsPosition\fP GPSMobile.Gps.GetPosition (TimeSpan maxAge)"
.PP
Get the position reported by the GPS receiver that is no older than the maxAge passed in. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImaxAge\fP Max age of the gps position data that you want back. If there is no data within the required age, null is returned. if maxAge == TimeSpan.Zero, then the age of the data is ignored
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBGpsPosition\fP class with all the position details
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 189 of file GPS.cs.
.SS "\fBGpsPosition\fP GPSMobile.Gps.GetPosition ()"
.PP
Get the position reported by the GPS receiver. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBGpsPosition\fP class with all the position details
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 175 of file GPS.cs.
.SS "void GPSMobile.Gps.Open ()"
.PP
Opens the GPS device and prepares to receive data from it. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file GPS.cs.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DeviceStateChangedEventHandler GPSMobile.Gps.DeviceStateChanged\fC [add, remove]\fP"
.PP
Event that is raised when the GPS device state changes. 
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file GPS.cs.
.SS "LocationChangedEventHandler GPSMobile.Gps.LocationChanged\fC [add, remove]\fP"
.PP
Event that is raised when the GPS locaction data changes. 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file GPS.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.Gps.Opened\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True: The GPS device has been opened. False: It has not been opened. 
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file GPS.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
