.TH "GPSMobile::GpsPosition" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GPSMobile::GpsPosition \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSatellite\fP[] \fBGetSatellitesInSolution\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISatellites used in the solution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSatellite\fP[] \fBGetSatellitesInView\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISatellites in view. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DateTime \fBTime\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUTC according to GPS clock. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBTimeValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the Time property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSatellitesInSolutionValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the SatellitesInSolution property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSatellitesInViewValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the SatellitesInView property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSatelliteCount\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of satellites used in solution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSatelliteCountValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the SatelliteCount property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSatellitesInViewCount\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of satellites in view. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSatellitesInViewCountValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the SatellitesInViewCount property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBSpeed\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISpeed in knots. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSpeedValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the Speed property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBEllipsoidAltitude\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAltitude with regards to ellipsoid, in meters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBEllipsoidAltitudeValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the EllipsoidAltitude property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBSeaLevelAltitude\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAltitute with regards to sea level, in meters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSeaLevelAltitudeValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the SeaLevelAltitude property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBLatitude\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILatitude in decimal degrees. North is positive. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP \fBLatitudeInDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILatitude in degrees, minutes, seconds. North is positive. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBLatitudeValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the Latitude property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBLongitude\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILongitude in decimal degrees. East is positive. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP \fBLongitudeInDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILongitude in degrees, minutes, seconds. East is positive. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBLongitudeValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the Longitude property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBHeading\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDegrees heading (course made good). True North=0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBHeadingValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the Heading property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBPositionDilutionOfPrecision\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPosition Dilution Of Precision. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBPositionDilutionOfPrecisionValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the PositionDilutionOfPrecision property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBHorizontalDilutionOfPrecision\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHorizontal Dilution Of Precision. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBHorizontalDilutionOfPrecisionValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the HorizontalDilutionOfPrecision property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBVerticalDilutionOfPrecision\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVertical Dilution Of Precision. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBVerticalDilutionOfPrecisionValid\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if the VerticalDilutionOfPrecision property is valid, false if invalid. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 154 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBSatellite\fP [] GPSMobile.GpsPosition.GetSatellitesInSolution ()"
.PP
Satellites used in the solution. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Array of Satellites
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 256 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "\fBSatellite\fP [] GPSMobile.GpsPosition.GetSatellitesInView ()"
.PP
Satellites in view. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Array of Satellites
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 289 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.EllipsoidAltitude\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Altitude with regards to ellipsoid, in meters. 
.PP
Definition at line 365 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.EllipsoidAltitudeValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the EllipsoidAltitude property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 372 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.Heading\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Degrees heading (course made good). True North=0. 
.PP
Definition at line 441 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.HeadingValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the Heading property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 448 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.HorizontalDilutionOfPrecision\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Horizontal Dilution Of Precision. 
.PP
Definition at line 471 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.HorizontalDilutionOfPrecisionValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the HorizontalDilutionOfPrecision property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 478 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "double GPSMobile.GpsPosition.Latitude\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Latitude in decimal degrees. North is positive. 
.PP
Definition at line 395 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "\fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP GPSMobile.GpsPosition.LatitudeInDegreesMinutesSeconds\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Latitude in degrees, minutes, seconds. North is positive. 
.PP
Definition at line 402 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.LatitudeValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the Latitude property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 410 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "double GPSMobile.GpsPosition.Longitude\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Longitude in decimal degrees. East is positive. 
.PP
Definition at line 418 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "\fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP GPSMobile.GpsPosition.LongitudeInDegreesMinutesSeconds\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Longitude in degrees, minutes, seconds. East is positive. 
.PP
Definition at line 426 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.LongitudeValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the Longitude property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 433 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.PositionDilutionOfPrecision\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Position Dilution Of Precision. 
.PP
Definition at line 456 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.PositionDilutionOfPrecisionValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the PositionDilutionOfPrecision property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 463 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "int GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SatelliteCount\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Number of satellites used in solution. 
.PP
Definition at line 320 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SatelliteCountValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the SatelliteCount property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 327 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SatellitesInSolutionValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the SatellitesInSolution property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 279 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "int GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SatellitesInViewCount\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Number of satellites in view. 
.PP
Definition at line 335 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SatellitesInViewCountValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the SatellitesInViewCount property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 342 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SatellitesInViewValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the SatellitesInView property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 311 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SeaLevelAltitude\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Altitute with regards to sea level, in meters. 
.PP
Definition at line 380 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SeaLevelAltitudeValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the SeaLevelAltitude property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 387 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.Speed\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Speed in knots. 
.PP
Definition at line 350 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.SpeedValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the Speed property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 357 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "DateTime GPSMobile.GpsPosition.Time\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
UTC according to GPS clock. 
.PP
Definition at line 235 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.TimeValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the Time property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "float GPSMobile.GpsPosition.VerticalDilutionOfPrecision\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Vertical Dilution Of Precision. 
.PP
Definition at line 486 of file GpsPosition.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.GpsPosition.VerticalDilutionOfPrecisionValid\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
True if the VerticalDilutionOfPrecision property is valid, false if invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 493 of file GpsPosition.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
