.TH "GPSMobile::GpsDeviceState" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GPSMobile::GpsDeviceState \- 
.PP
\fBGpsDeviceState\fP holds the state of the gps device and the friendly name if the gps supports them.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGpsDeviceState\fP (IntPtr pGpsDevice)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor of \fBGpsDeviceState\fP. It copies values from the native pointer passed in. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBGpsMaxFriendlyName\fP = 64"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBGpsDeviceStructureSize\fP = 216"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "GpsServiceState \fBServiceState\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIState of the GPS Intermediate Driver service. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "GpsServiceState \fBDeviceState\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStatus of the actual GPS device driver. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBFriendlyName\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFriendly name of the real GPS device we are currently using. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBGpsDeviceState\fP holds the state of the gps device and the friendly name if the gps supports them. 


.PP
Definition at line 30 of file GpsDeviceState.cs.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "GPSMobile.GpsDeviceState.GpsDeviceState (IntPtr pGpsDevice)"
.PP
Constructor of \fBGpsDeviceState\fP. It copies values from the native pointer passed in. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpGpsDevice\fP Native pointer to memory that contains the GPS_DEVICE data
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 68 of file GpsDeviceState.cs.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "GpsServiceState GPSMobile.GpsDeviceState.DeviceState\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Status of the actual GPS device driver. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file GpsDeviceState.cs.
.SS "string GPSMobile.GpsDeviceState.FriendlyName\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Friendly name of the real GPS device we are currently using. 
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file GpsDeviceState.cs.
.SS "GpsServiceState GPSMobile.GpsDeviceState.ServiceState\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
State of the GPS Intermediate Driver service. 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file GpsDeviceState.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
