.TH "Msdn::UIFramework::UIElement" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Msdn::UIFramework::UIElement \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBMsdn.UIFramework.Border\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.Canvas\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.ImageElement\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.ListElement\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.MenuBar\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.TextBlock\fP, and \fBMsdn.UIFramework.TitleBar\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBHitTest\fP (Point point)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetects a hit test. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRender\fP (Graphics graphics)"
.br
.RI "\fIRenders the \fBUIElement\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnInvalidate\fP (\fBUIElement\fP element)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnInvalidate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnClick\fP (EventArgs e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnMouseDown\fP (MouseEventArgs e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnMouseUp\fP (MouseEventArgs e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOnMouseMove\fP (MouseEventArgs e)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBOnRender\fP (Graphics graphics)"
.br
.RI "\fIRender method to implement by inheritors. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBheight\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtop\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBLeft\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBTop\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Rectangle \fBRectangle\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBHeight\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUIElement\fP \fBParent\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWidth\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBName\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "byte \fBOpacity\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBVisible\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Color \fBForeground\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Color \fBBackground\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "MouseEventHandler \fBMouseMove\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "MouseEventHandler \fBMouseDown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "MouseEventHandler \fBMouseUp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EventHandler \fBClick\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EventHandler \fBInvalidate\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 16 of file UIElement.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Msdn.UIFramework.UIElement.HitTest (Point point)"
.PP
Detects a hit test. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpoint\fP a point to detect
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True: if the \fBUIElement\fP was hit.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file UIElement.cs.
.SS "virtual void Msdn.UIFramework.UIElement.OnRender (Graphics graphics)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Render method to implement by inheritors. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraphics\fP Graphics object.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBMsdn.UIFramework.Border\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.Canvas\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.ImageElement\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.ListElement\fP, \fBMsdn.UIFramework.TextBlock\fP, and \fBMsdn.UIFramework.TitleBar\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file UIElement.cs.
.SS "void Msdn.UIFramework.UIElement.Render (Graphics graphics)"
.PP
Renders the \fBUIElement\fP. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraphics\fP Graphics object.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 76 of file UIElement.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
