.TH "Tripi::wcf::ServiceManager" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Tripi::wcf::ServiceManager \- 
.PP
Class responsible for sending gps data to the wcf service.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSendScheduler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass used to receive the gps data and send it further when the timer ticks. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBServiceManager\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBServiceManager\fP constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBContinueTrip\fP (\fBTrip\fP trip)"
.br
.RI "\fIContinue the trip that has been started before. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBRunNewTrip\fP (string tripName)"
.br
.RI "\fIRun a new trip. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStopTrip\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStops the current trip and closes the gps connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBUpdatePositionNode\fP (int tripId, int nodeNumber, string description)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates a specified position node description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPositionNode\fP[] \fBGetPositionNodesForTrip\fP (int tripId)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the list of position nodes for a specified trip. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBLoginUser\fP (string name, string password)"
.br
.RI "\fILogs user to the service. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsTripRunning\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIChecks whether the trip is running. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSendFrequencyInSeconds\fP\fC [set]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISets the frequency of sending a gsp data to the wcf service. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTrip\fP[] \fBUserTrips\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the list of user trips. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPositionNode\fP \fBLastPositionNode\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the last note send to the service. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Action \fBOnLocationSend\fP = null"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent fires when user location changes. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class responsible for sending gps data to the wcf service. 


.PP
Definition at line 17 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.ServiceManager ()"
.PP
\fBServiceManager\fP constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.ContinueTrip (\fBTrip\fP trip)"
.PP
Continue the trip that has been started before. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItrip\fP The trip to be continued
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 52 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "\fBPositionNode\fP [] Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.GetPositionNodesForTrip (int tripId)"
.PP
Gets the list of position nodes for a specified trip. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItripId\fP The id of the trip
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
List of position node for the trpi
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 125 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "bool Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.LoginUser (string name, string password)"
.PP
Logs user to the service. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP User's name
.br
\fIpassword\fP User's password
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if the user credentials are valid
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "int Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.RunNewTrip (string tripName)"
.PP
Run a new trip. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItripName\fP The name of the trip
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The id of the new trip
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "void Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.StopTrip ()"
.PP
Stops the current trip and closes the gps connection. 
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "void Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.UpdatePositionNode (int tripId, int nodeNumber, string description)"
.PP
Updates a specified position node description. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInode\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.IsTripRunning\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Checks whether the trip is running. 
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "\fBPositionNode\fP Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.LastPositionNode\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Gets the last note send to the service. 
.PP
Definition at line 177 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "int Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.SendFrequencyInSeconds\fC [set]\fP"
.PP
Sets the frequency of sending a gsp data to the wcf service. 
.PP
Definition at line 156 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SS "\fBTrip\fP [] Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.UserTrips\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Gets the list of user trips. 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file ServiceManager.cs.
.SH "Event Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Action Tripi.wcf.ServiceManager.OnLocationSend = null"
.PP
Event fires when user location changes. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file ServiceManager.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
