.TH "Tripi::gps::GPSListener" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Tripi::gps::GPSListener \- 
.PP
Listener class for the location change of the user. Gets the data from the gps. The class implements singleton pattern.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOpenGPS\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen a GPS connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCloseGPS\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a GPS connection The connection is closed only if there are no other object subscribed to the event. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBGPSListener\fP \fBGetInstance\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Action< \fBGpsPosition\fP > \fBOnLocationChanged\fP = null"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent fires when user location changes. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Listener class for the location change of the user. Gets the data from the gps. The class implements singleton pattern. 


.PP
Definition at line 13 of file GPSListener.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Tripi.gps.GPSListener.CloseGPS ()"
.PP
Close a GPS connection The connection is closed only if there are no other object subscribed to the event. 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file GPSListener.cs.
.SS "void Tripi.gps.GPSListener.OpenGPS ()"
.PP
Open a GPS connection. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file GPSListener.cs.
.SH "Event Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Action<\fBGpsPosition\fP> Tripi.gps.GPSListener.OnLocationChanged = null"
.PP
Event fires when user location changes. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file GPSListener.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
