.TH "GPSMobile::DegreesMinutesSeconds" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GPSMobile::DegreesMinutesSeconds \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP (double decimalDegrees)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs a new instance of \fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP converting from decimal degrees. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP (bool isPositive, uint degrees, uint minutes, double seconds)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs a new instance of \fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBToDecimalDegrees\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the decimal, minutes, seconds coordinate to decimal degrees. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "override string \fBToString\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the instance to a string in format: D M' S". \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsPositive\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the degrees, minutes and seconds refer to a positive value, false otherwise. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBDegrees\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe degrees unit of the coordinate. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBMinutes\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe minutes unit of the coordinate. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBSeconds\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe seconds unit of the coordinate. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 5 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.DegreesMinutesSeconds (double decimalDegrees)"
.PP
Constructs a new instance of \fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP converting from decimal degrees. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdecimalDegrees\fP Initial value as decimal degrees
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 50 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SS "GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.DegreesMinutesSeconds (bool isPositive, uint degrees, uint minutes, double seconds)"
.PP
Constructs a new instance of \fBDegreesMinutesSeconds\fP. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIisPositive\fP True if the coordinates are positive coordinate, false if they are negative coordinates.
.br
\fIdegrees\fP Degrees unit of the coordinate
.br
\fIminutes\fP Minutes unit of the coordinate
.br
\fIseconds\fP Seconds unit of the coordinate. This should be a positive value.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.ToDecimalDegrees ()"
.PP
Converts the decimal, minutes, seconds coordinate to decimal degrees. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SS "override string GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.ToString ()"
.PP
Converts the instance to a string in format: D M' S". \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string representation of degrees, minutes, seconds
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 94 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.Degrees\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The degrees unit of the coordinate. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SS "bool GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.IsPositive\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if the degrees, minutes and seconds refer to a positive value, false otherwise. 
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SS "uint GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.Minutes\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The minutes unit of the coordinate. 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.
.SS "double GPSMobile.DegreesMinutesSeconds.Seconds\fC [get]\fP"
.PP
The seconds unit of the coordinate. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file DegreesMinutesSeconds.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
