.TH "SilverlightShowcase::MainPage" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SilverlightShowcase::MainPage \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMainPage\fP (IDictionary< string, string > p)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdditional constructor used when passing parameters from asp tag. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMainPage_Loaded\fP (object sender, RoutedEventArgs e)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrepares SilverlightShowcase. Connects to WCF, assign event handler methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetBestMapView\fP (IList< Location > locations, Map map, int buffer)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdjusts map zoom level and map center to show all defined points at the same time preserving constant margin around them. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInitializeComponent\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializeComponent. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 21 of file MainPage.xaml.cs.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "SilverlightShowcase.MainPage.MainPage (IDictionary< string, string > p)"
.PP
Additional constructor used when passing parameters from asp tag. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 74 of file MainPage.xaml.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void SilverlightShowcase.MainPage.InitializeComponent ()"
.PP
InitializeComponent. 
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file MainPage.g.cs.
.SS "void SilverlightShowcase.MainPage.MainPage_Loaded (object sender, RoutedEventArgs e)"
.PP
Prepares SilverlightShowcase. Connects to WCF, assign event handler methods. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsender\fP 
.br
\fIe\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 85 of file MainPage.xaml.cs.
.SS "void SilverlightShowcase.MainPage.SetBestMapView (IList< Location > locations, Map map, int buffer)"
.PP
Adjusts map zoom level and map center to show all defined points at the same time preserving constant margin around them. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlocations\fP List of points which should be visible at the same time
.br
\fImap\fP Map which will be customized
.br
\fIbuffer\fP Margin in pixels around points
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 323 of file MainPage.xaml.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
