.TH "TripiWCF::Service::Trip" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TripiWCF::Service::Trip \- 
.PP
Data object, which holds information about trip: who created it, short description and ID, which relates to PositionNodes.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTrip\fP (string username, int id, string tripName, string tripDescription)"
.br
.RI "\fIStandard constructor, filling all fields of \fBTrip\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTrip\fP (XElement element)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor taking an XElement from XML file, will throw exceptions on missing on unparse'able attributes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XElement \fBToXElement\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod which creates an XML element, holding data for XML-backed database. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBID\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTripName\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBUsername\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTripDescription\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Data object, which holds information about trip: who created it, short description and ID, which relates to PositionNodes. 


.PP
Definition at line 22 of file TripiWCFService.cs.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "TripiWCF.Service.Trip.Trip (string username, int id, string tripName, string tripDescription)"
.PP
Standard constructor, filling all fields of \fBTrip\fP. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIusername\fP User who created trip.
.br
\fIid\fP \fBTrip\fP ID - something similar to primary key here...
.br
\fItripName\fP User-given trip name.
.br
\fItripDescription\fP Short description of the trip.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Trip.cs.
.SS "TripiWCF.Service.Trip.Trip (XElement element)"
.PP
Constructor taking an XElement from XML file, will throw exceptions on missing on unparse'able attributes. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelement\fP XElement to parse.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Trip.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XElement TripiWCF.Service.Trip.ToXElement ()"
.PP
Method which creates an XML element, holding data for XML-backed database. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Ready XElement, which can be passed to XElement-munching constructor of \fBTrip\fP.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file Trip.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
