.TH "TripiWCF::Service::PositionNode" 3 "18 Feb 2010" "Version revision 98" "Tripi" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TripiWCF::Service::PositionNode \- 
.PP
Data object holding data from GPS (latitude/longitude/speed), ID of parent trip, creation time and optional description (might be null).  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPositionNode\fP (double lat, double lon, int tripID, int num)"
.br
.RI "\fIShortened constructor used somewhere in demo code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPositionNode\fP (double lat, double lon, int tripID, double speed, DateTime creationTime, string description, int ordinalNumber)"
.br
.RI "\fIFull constructor, fills all of the fields. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPositionNode\fP (XElement element)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor parsing an XElement from a serialized database. Doesn't really tolerate any errors in XML. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XElement \fBToXElement\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod which creates an XML element, holding data for XML-backed database. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "System.DateTime \fBCreationTime\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBLatitude\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBLongitude\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBSpeed\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBTripID\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBDescription\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOrdinalNumber\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DateTime \fBCreationTime\fP\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Data object holding data from GPS (latitude/longitude/speed), ID of parent trip, creation time and optional description (might be null). 


.PP
Definition at line 74 of file TripiWCFService.cs.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "TripiWCF.Service.PositionNode.PositionNode (double lat, double lon, int tripID, int num)"
.PP
Shortened constructor used somewhere in demo code. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlat\fP Latitude.
.br
\fIlon\fP Longitude.
.br
\fItripID\fP Parent trip ID.
.br
\fInum\fP Ordinal number.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file PositionNode.cs.
.SS "TripiWCF.Service.PositionNode.PositionNode (double lat, double lon, int tripID, double speed, DateTime creationTime, string description, int ordinalNumber)"
.PP
Full constructor, fills all of the fields. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlat\fP Latitude of GPS reading.
.br
\fIlon\fP Longitude of GPS reading.
.br
\fItripID\fP Parent trip ID.
.br
\fIspeed\fP Speed measured by GPS module.
.br
\fIcreationTime\fP Time of the GPS reading.
.br
\fIdescription\fP Short optional description of interesting point.
.br
\fIordinalNumber\fP Ordinal number of the point (on a trip) - usually provided by \fBTripService\fP.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 58 of file PositionNode.cs.
.SS "TripiWCF.Service.PositionNode.PositionNode (XElement element)"
.PP
Constructor parsing an XElement from a serialized database. Doesn't really tolerate any errors in XML. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelement\fP XElement which will be torn apart for data.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file PositionNode.cs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XElement TripiWCF.Service.PositionNode.ToXElement ()"
.PP
Method which creates an XML element, holding data for XML-backed database. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Ready XElement, which can be passed to XElement-munching constructor of \fBPositionNode\fP.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 100 of file PositionNode.cs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Tripi from the source code.
